cache put returns undefined even if unsuccessful (#5134)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/cache.md

- {{<code>}}put(request, response){{</code>}} {{<type>}}Promise{{</type>}}

>   - Attempts to add to the cache a response keyed to the given request. Returns a promise that resolves to `undefined` regardless of whether the cache successfully stored the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Attempts to add a response to the cache, using the given request as the key. Returns a promise that resolves to `undefined` regardless of whether the cache successfully stored the response.
```
